Atletico Madrid defeated
Valencia with three goals that came in
the second time much higher the table
local in front of the djukic team
that stays in the table with only 20
points 43 has the athletic one of madrid to
just like the barcelona this is a
first play highlighted a center at
Filipe Luis area
that ends up clearing the defense of
valencia a second option for the
athletic and there's a forced finish of
Diego Costa as always protagonist
Diego Costa author of two goals
failed a penalty
we see now an attack of the letter of
madrid with a shipment of thiago for diego
coast that puts for the first time to test
to diego alves
let's see now a play of
Valencia counterattack
note that he is asking jonas receives it
channels and ends up pulling out
and the repetition of the action that culminates
channels after a raid of
bernat by the band
and this is an action in which Villa
I hope he gets to finish but the
ball is there in the second
where is it burning turan that throws out
these are images of the first time
here takes the ball diego costa with
the viz ruiz
and the goal
at minute 58 mark bye coast
first of the night
maybe I could have done something else the
goalkeeper diego alves let's see the
repetition
-vallence- unprepared after
a play in attack has a lot of field
Diego Acosta tries to put up with him
ruiz
but in the end
the forward of the athletic one of madrid-
manages to score his first goal of the night
with the two of today he has 17 in the league
diego costa plus 4 in the champions
it did not take long to mark the second the
athletic of madrid was in this play the
ball falls to raúl garcía
to beat again
to diego alves
raul had just entered the field in the
place of david villa we are seeing the
repetition the ball stays
entangled between the legs to romeo no
manages to clear well the player of the
valencia and raul marks the second
carried by the third the athletic of
madrid and here
the referee pointed out a penalty
by víctor ruiz
in the reduction of the play
there is no doubt
that is a penalty strip cost and for
alves with the foot and hand alves manages
stop the shot of Diego Costa here in the
repetition are being seen as alves you
says something at cost before throwing the
penalty
and well now the detail of the stop
in this play another is a penalty
barely five minutes had passed since
penalty that failed coast when the
They beeped again referee penalty again
hand in hand between the front of the
goalkeeper on this occasion diego costa not
failure
in the 80th minute
see the repetition of the penalty shot
much better than the previous
it was three he could score some more goal
even alethic Madrid
as we said at the beginning much better
that the valence